>> Brian Holt: So
far we've been talking about JustReact,
and you'll never see anyone
using JustReact, right?
Like we've been doing so far,
that's just not a very common pattern for
writing React,
there's always tools involve, right?
And that again, my methodology, and I come
from front end infrastructure as well.
So I'm going to subject to my madness,
is that you need to
understand your tools in addition to
just understanding the framework.
So, I'm gonna keep as light as possible,
but I'm going to still help you
understand some of the better ways
to write React in my opinion.
So, here we're gonna introduce you
to like, three or four tools, and
then we'll get back to writing React.
So the first one I wanna introduce you to,
you may already be familiar with is NPM.
Which does not stand for node package
manager, but sort of stands for
node package manager.
>> Brian Holt: This is going to allow us
to, rather than just loading node off of
the CDN, we're gonna actually install it
off of the registry and build our project.
So that it's actually included
with the package, and
we don't have to rely on
unpackage to be up, right?
Unpackage is really good for
just like testing things out.
But do not rely on it for
production traffic,
cuz then you're at their mercy, okay?
>> Brian Holt: So, what I want you to do,
is I want you to open your terminal.
This is built-in the VS code,
if you are using that.
You can open up with command, or sorry,
control, back tick, slash tilde,
the one that's next to
the one on your keyboard.
>> Brian Holt: There's plenty of
buttons somewhere for as well but
that's how I was open itself, okay?
And then the first thing,
you're gonna have to make sure
that you have node installed.
So I do, I have 10, 15, as long as
you're over like, let's say eight,
cuz six just got deprecated.
Or end of life, rather,
is the correct term.
So as long as you're above eight,
you should be fine.
I'm on 10.15, which should be
pretty close to the LTS right now.
Which is the one that you wanna use.
You should use the LTS which stands for
long-term support, I think.
Or I'm making that up and
you can believe me.
Okay, so with node comes mpm,
if you don't have these
tools installed right now.
Just go to nodejs.org, and you can just
install it right after there as well.
>> Brian Holt: So
notice that I'm in Desktop/adopt-me, so
I'm inside of my project directory.
And the first thing that I wanna
do is I'm gonna say npm init,
which is going to create a new project for
me.
Now, I'm super lazy and
I don't wanna answer any of the questions.
So pro tip, if you put -y,
it won't ask you any questions and
it just generates a file for you.
Otherwise you get this interactive prompt.
Like what's the name of your project?
Who are you, blah blah blah,
and I just can't be bothered.
So, now if you look at my project, you
can see here that I have a package.json.
Now, this is common with
JavaScript projects.
Again, this may not be the first
time you've been exposed to this.
Inside of here, close this.
It's just a JSON file full
of what the license is,
what the name of the project is,
what version it is, so on and so forth.
We don't actually really
care what's going on here.
You can mess with it if you want to.
I'm not going to.
But there's a couple of things that
we're gonna be concerned with here.
First one,
we're gonna have dependencies and
those dependencies are gonna
be track in here, right?
So then,
whenever I say npm install, it's going
to grab the same dependencies, right?
So if me and Start working on a project
together, I can show this with her.
And we could work together
on that project, right?
Something like that.